socketkill.com updates (#287)
esi/esi-docs: docs/community/socketkill.com/index.md

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

- [:octicons-browser-16: __Website__](https://socketkill.com){ .esi-card-link }
- [:simple-github: __GitHub__](https://github.com/ScotDex/socketkill-v2){ .esi-card-link }
- [:simple-discord: __Discord__](https://discord.gg/UnFN8UY6Dz){ .esi-card-link }

</div>

## About

> Socket.Kill or socketkill.com is a stateless high performance web site to stream live kill mails, design focus is optimisation and aesthetics. The site is designed with a blend of eve online aesthetics fused with the CRT monitor effects from the alien franchise. Winner of new dev of the year at the eve creator awards fanfest 2026

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Socket.Kill or socketkill.com is a stateless high performance web site to stream live kill mails, design focus is optimisation and aesthetics. The site is designed with a blend of eve online aesthetics fused with the CRT monitor effects from the alien franchise. Winner of the [EVE Creator Awards "New Developer of the Year"](https://www.eveonline.com/news/view/eve-fanfest-wrapped#h2-4) 2026
```
